This is a small alarm clock.  It has an LED face, with clear blue plastic sides.  It can also be set to wake you up.
This is a blue digital clock. It has several buttons and displays the date, day, and temperature
This is a clock radio colored in blue. It has a few buttons, and other functions such as date, time and temperature.
This is a digital travel alarm clock.  It is black and has many additional features.
This is an alarm clock. It is blue and shaped like a rectangle with a rounded end. It is presumably made of plastic.
This is a clock. It is hard, blue, and rectangular. It is made of plastic, and has buttons with a small screen.
This is an alarm clock.  It is antique in nature with a white face and black numbers.  It has two bells on top of the case.
This is a alarm clock that is black in color, with large numbers on the face of the clock to see the time.
This is an old fashioned alarm clock.  It has two bells on top and a normal face with two hands.
This is an analog alarm clock. The clock is black with a white face. The current time is 1:46.
This is an alarm clock. It is black and has alarm bells on it.
This is an alarm clock. It has a traditional round shape, and classic bell striker system. It is black metal, with large numbers and a glowing face for easy viewing.
This is a soccer ball.  It is black and red in color.
This is a red and black ball.
This is a soccer ball.  It is mostly red with some black. It is made of a repeating hexagon pattern sewn together.  It has the white Nike "swoosh" symbol on it.  It is firm but can be squeezed with pressure.
This is a soccer ball.  It is red and black and is round.
This is a soccer ball from Nike. It's red, black, and round. It's medium hard, and is made of leather or plastic.
This is a soccer ball. It is red with black outlining on it.
This is a basketball. It's orange with black lines and curves running on the surface. It's bouncy.
This is a basketball. It is orange. It is made by the Spalding brand.
This is a basketball. It is orange with black stripes around. It is made to play on the ground or inside of a gym.
This is a basketball. The ball is round, and will bounce if tossed on the ground. The ball is brown with black lines.
This is a basketball. It is hard, orange, and round. It is made of rubber, and it bounces.
This is a basketball. It is orange with black stripes. It is spherical and has the word Spalding written on it. It will bounce if dropped on the ground and has air inside. It is probably made of rubber or leather or a synthetic compound.
This is a Wilson football. It is a brown, oval shaped ball with white laces.
It is a Wilson NFL football. It is brown and inflated.
This is a ball used to play American football or gridiron. This is the ball that Americans will call a football. It is pointed at the ends and thicker in the middle. This ball is brown and has white stitching on the side. It is made by the Wilson company.
This is a football. It is brown and white with the words "Wilson NFL" written on it.
This is a football. It is brown with the logos "Wilson" and "NFL" and white stitching. It is made of a synthetic leather material.
This is a football. It is oblong, made of leather, and brown in color. It is inflated with air.
This is a hardcover book titled, "The Elements of Statistical Learning."
This is a book. It is rectangular in shape. The cover is yellow, orangish, tan, and brown. The title is "The Elements of Statistical Learning". It is a textbook.
This is a hardcover book titled, 'The Elements of Statistical Learning.' It is bound in yellow material and the dust jacket is shades of yellow and brown.
This is a book.  The title of the book is "The Elements of Statistical Learning".
This is a textbook. It is yellow. It is a textbook on statistics.
This book is on the subject of statistics.  It also has an orange/yellow binding and appears to be hardcover.
This is a flashlight. It has a black textured rubber grip with yellow trim at the head of the flashlight and the end where the batteries go in. The on/off switch is red so you can find it easily.
This is a flashlight.  It has a black padded handle and either end is yellow in color.  The switch is orange.
This is a flashlight.  It has a black rubber handle, a yellow and black plastic top and an orange button to turn it on and off.  There is a light bulb inside which illuminates when turned on.  It is skinnier on the handle than at the top.
This is a flashlight. it is black and yellow. The button is red. The handle is ribbed.
This is a flashlight. The body looks like an elongated cylinder and is the color black. The head is like a circle with a slightly flat base and it is a yellow color. It has an orange button and some black letters over the orange button.
This is a flashlight. It is yellow and black with a red power button.
This is a soccer ball, also known as a football in many areas of the world. It is a metallic blue and matte yellow color. The ball is round.
This is a soccer ball. It is blue and yellow. It is inflated with air.
This is a soccer ball. It's blue and yellow.
This is a soccer ball. It is a metallic blue color with beige pentagonal accents.
This is a soccer ball. It is round and is blue and yellow.
This is a soccer ball. It is shiny metallic blue and yellow. It is round.
This is an apple. It is red and shiny. It has a stem sticking out from the top.
This is an apple. It is red, shiny and round.
This is an apple. It is firm, red, and glossy. It is something to be eaten.
This is an apple. It is a fruit. The apple is red.
This is an apple. It is red with some yellow spotting
This is an apple. It is of no certain shape except similar to an oval. It is red, a fruit, and is a natural byproduct of a tree.
This is a mug. It is black in color, is shiny and has "No, I will not fix your computer" written in white on the side. The mug has a handle.
This is a coffee mug. It is black, hard, and circular. It is made of ceramic and has the text "No, I will not fix your computer." on it
A black coffee mug with white writing that says, 'No, I will no fix your computer.' Mug is made from ceramic and glossy finished.
This is a coffee mug.  The mug is black and has a handle on the side.  It has the words "No, I will not fix your computer" printed on the side.
This is a coffee cup. It is black with white writing on it. The quote says "No, I will not fix your computer"
This is a coffee mug. It is black, has a handle, and is made of glass. It has a label on it reading " No, I will not fix your computer."
This is a book. It has a black cover and includes pages made of paper. It is a rectangle shape.
This is a hardbound book. The cover is blue, and the pages are white. There is no identifying information on the cover. A dark spot on the edge of its pages is the only identifying mark visible.
This is a book. It has a blue hard cover and white pages.
This is an image of a book. It has a hard cover with no writing visible on the outside, and contains pages on the inside.
This is a hardcover book with a blue cover
This is a book. It is hard, dark blue, and has paper inside.
This is a battery operated flash light.
Black and blue battery operated flashlight with a yellow on switch.
This is a flashlight. It is black and blue with a yellow power button.
This is a flashlight.  The handle is black in color and seems to be padded.  There are blue accents at the bulb end and at the base.  The switch is yellow.
This is a medium sized flashlight.  It has one yellow button, which can be used to turn it on/off.
This is a torch.  It is black and blue in colour.  It has a switch and it is yellow in colour.
It is a cardboard box that is taped shut.
This is a box. It is rectangular in shape. It is a tan color. The flaps to open it are on top. There is packing tape on top and on the right side.
This is a cardboard box.  It has been opened before and has been taped partially shut again.  The box appears to be about 15 inches wide and deep and maybe 6 inches tall.
This is a box.  It is made of cardboard and is square.  Boxes are using to store, pack, and ship items.
This is a box. It is made of cardboard and is colored brown.
This is a cardboard box.  It is the shape of a rectangular prism.  It is brown in color.  It has some tape on the top and side to keep it closed.
This is a pepper. Its shape is long and cylindrical. It has a small stem at the top. It is green in color. The skin is smooth.
This is a pepper. It is long and skinny and has a stem.  It has seeds inside of it.
A pepper. It is soft and green. it has a hot/spicy taste. it is edible
This is a chile pepper. It is green.
This is a jalapeno. It is a hot pepper. It is green and has seeds inside of it.
This is a jalapeno pepper. It is green and grows in the ground.
This is a cup. It is green in colour. It has designs on it.
This is a mug. It is green in color and has multiple peace signs on it. It has a handle.
This is a coffee mug.  It is green with the "Peace" symbol imprinted all over the outside.
This is a coffee mug.  It is green and is decorated with Peace signs.  It has a curved handle on one side.  It is made of ceramic and is very hard.
This is a coffee. It is green and has raised peace signs on it.
This is a decorative green coffee mug.  It has peace signs all over the sides and can be used for tea as well.
This is a box.  It is in the style of a Chinese food container.  It is brown with white circles that cover the entire outside.  It has a thin, metal handle.
This is a basket. It is square in shape. It is brown and white in colour.
This is a fancy gift box with a handle on the top.  It is brown with white polka dots.
This is a box. It has a handle, and has a brown and cream colored design of polka dots.
This is a picnic basket. It is brown with white polka dots
This is a Chinese food container.  It is a box shape with a thin metal handle.  It is brown and white polka dots.
This is a pair of scissors. It is made of plastic and sharp metal. It can be opened and closed by placing the thumb in one open space in the pink plastic, and the other fingers of the hand in the other open space.
This is a scissor. it is pink in color. it has two holes in the handle. it has a sharp edge.
These are scissors. They consist of a pair of metal blades pivoted so that the sharpened edges slide against each other when the pink handles (bows) opposite to the pivot are closed. They are used to cut things.
These are scissors. it has red handles. It is sharp and made of plastic and metal.
here is pair of scissors. it is red, plastic, and metal. it cuts things.
A pink scissor, On a ground floor.
